and how it works, I'm a talent and here
I bring you a new video that so much
like you the videos of the
minecraft trailer analysis of
clubs 360 of the new update the
1.8 point 2 and this is a new trailer
that just took 4j studies on the day of
today down here in the description les
I leave the links of the channel and the video by
if you want to check them and while here
I leave you with the description
and here we start paying the images in
the video and as you can see they remember
of the analysis images the other
time the last good video was a radish
here we are seeing what is a
assessment that is this is good this
it's like a structure that is in the
earth is like a big crack like
You could see here at the beginning of the video
like a crack that our
worlds and you are huge yourself
also the images to see how
is this from the rühr bain so we're going to
follow the video
no no
here we have what is the main set the
abandoned mine these mines are very
particular because they are 3 wide and
practically 3 high of 4 high in
some in these on the computer
we can find chests a
times offered by those who can
find diamond or coconut grains to
other of those things and here in particular
I want to turn off the video because for the
who have never played blacks
computer like me and would like to know a
little more of this update as
you can see here the little hearts are
highlighted and the food bar is
completely so I 'll explain
How does this food bar work?
if you do not know tell them this bar
food works when we have
the entire food bar fills up as it is
this case we are never going to die of
hungry this as you can see the
hearts regenerate automatically
when we have all the life of food
filled when the food when the
food bar is not full we started
to lose hearts and really
We started eating life and simply
will fill in when our bar
food is full
and how do we keep the food bar
full as it is constantly eating
so now we're going to be able to interact
more with the food and continue with the video
n
here is another image of which both
they like you the invisible but
here in main I wanted to stand out for that
father here the video as you can see already
they saw no longer calm nothing like that is the
glass panels are 9 these new
glass tools there they saw how
in this villa in this little house here
can see how it is no longer a crystal
square there you can see how it is
a crystal panel and this is what
main here that we liked also
I had heard rumors that the
invisibility that are the villas that are
generated in our worlds are not going to
leave unfortunately in this
update but until the
next update I do not know if it's
until the update of a patch what
I know but I had heard that they are not going to
come out hopefully and this is not true and
we're just going to run with the last
image of the video with the last video the
last part of the video sorry
ah
and good and finally to see if who
I did not end up stuck me here again for
last we have what is being the
stronghold that we comments from
thanks to the suvs they clarified me the
stronghold is not what it is
bookstore that we live in the image the
stronghold is practically all the
mine that is down as it was with this
shape of the stone blocks all this
of iron doors and this as
labyrinth that sometimes has up to have
jails bars all this this what
comes being the stronghold here in the
stronghold is where we are going to find the
portal to the inder word that you
they will even know that today in sleeves of
computer that to take out his eyes
they launch they are selling towards
here and practically what it is that the
bookstore in some of the cases is
near the bookstore of the inder world and
that's just what it shows us in
this video another thing that I also want
highlight here is that I do not know if it
they agree the last video of trailer no
is the first trailer video forgiveness that
they took the first analysis where I show
as the little girl we activate this as
lock function good now
we know with what buttons and how they can
watch
until the part of up to down on this
English club and inventor and there's the
miss we already have this blog so
with the east we are going to be able to block
our armor reminds them we do not know
if this serves too much so with the
we can block the armor and
let's finally run the video
good band and that has been all for the
video trailer analysis of the day of
today I hope you are very excited to
same as me for this update 1.8
point 2 because there are no more missing
weeks for this update in this
video they took out the trailer and they
I remember that Friday this Friday
Gentlemen, let's have a new trailer
video analysis so do not miss it
and if they have not yet subscribed subscribe
so as not to miss any of these
news and on Friday we'll see you with the
new trailer analysis of the creative mode
I want to see it and make a
analysis remember that I am talent
I send a greeting a big hug as
always and see you in the next
video